Container cluster upgrade guide pt 3 (#9087)
GoogleCloudPlatform/magic-modules: mmv1/third_party/terraform/website/docs/guides/version_5_upgrade.html.markdown

+    }
```

### Cluster deletion now prevented by default with `deletion_protection`

The field `deletion_protection` has been added with a default of `true`. This field prevents

> Terraform from destroying the resource or recreating it.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Terraform from destroying or recreating the cluster.
```

Reviewer: Alternative:

```suggestion
Terraform from destroying the cluster, including due to modification of immutable fields.
```

**`deletion_protection` does NOT prevent deletion outside of Terraform.**
To destroy a `google_container_cluster`, this field must be explicitly set to `false`.

> ### `networking_mode` defaults to `VPC_NATIVE` for newly created clusters

Reviewer: I found this section a bit hard to parse but I'm not sure how to improve it; the change looks complex.

Author: I'll remove this section for now, as it has not been approved yet.
